we've tried the chicken factory I'm
still having nightmares about this
giblet refer beautician wax is not my
friend I'm running out of options point
here Louisa please I'll take anything
this is New York air and companionship
for disabled mother do you have any
experience of caregiving I've never done
it but I'm sure I could learn then
that's gonna be well well this is new
music lock Nathan we'll talk you through
world's routines and equipment you don't
have to talk across me mother my brain
isn't paralyzed yep he hates me every
time I speak he looks to me like I'm
stupid to be fair you are pretty stupid
yeah but he doesn't know that yeah
interesting choice of footwear what do
you mean by that
I can't be from around here this is the
kind of place people come to and they
look tired of actually living I'm happy
yeah well you shouldn't be there you got
one life it's actually your duty to live
it as fully as possible no stay tell me
something good when I was little my
favorite outfit was my bumblebee tights
bumblebee black of the other strike a
Bighorn you ever love anything that much
yes
loving can hurt can I take you somewhere
with will trainers see baby get the red
dress out I don't wanna go in yet I just
want to be a man who's been to a concert
of the color a red dress a few minutes
while loving can heal
I promised my parents six months is what
I've given it but I was before me I
wanted to live but only if he wants to
live because that has happened you can't
change your people are well know what
can we do you love them I don't want you
to miss all the things that someone else
could give you
I have become a whole new person because
of you there's something called you up
pretty much see anything that makes me
want to get up in the morning wait for
me to come home